doc: theorist module contribution (#442)
AutoResearch/autora: docs/contribute/module.md

- a link to your release notes. 

Request a review from someone in the core team and wait for their feedback!

> ## Adding your module to the autora parent package

Reviewer: You also should include the docs and package in the mkdocs.yml and pyproject.toml file of autora parent and create a pull request, right? Or do members of the tem do that?

> Once you published your module on PyPI, you can announce it in the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you've published your module on PyPI, you can announce it in the 
```

[AutoRA forum](https://github.com/orgs/AutoResearch/discussions/categories/module-announcements). You can then indicate

> in your post if you wish your theorist to be included in the autora package. Alternatively, you can also directly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in your post if you wish your module to be included in the autora package. Alternatively, you can also
```
